.. _shares_class_b:
##############
CLASS B SHARES
##############

Part (B) CLASS B- COMMON STOCK HELD BY EMPLOYEES AND INVESTORS; CLASS B  VOTING RIGHTS & SHARED VOTING POWER of CLASS A AND B

2.10 ELIGIBILITY


Class B Membership shall include  Class A Shareholders who have been allocated or have committed themselves to purchase Class B Common Shares and all Investors, including outsiders and employees who are not Class A Shareholders, who have committed themselves to purchase a share or shares of Class B Common Stock (“Class B Common Share”), at a price determined by the [Board].

(a) Shareholders’ status will become effective as of the date of Class B Common Share allocation or purchase in accordance with the terms of these Bylaws. 

(b) For no consideration, the Corporation will allocate at least one share of Class B shares to Class A Shareholders for each calendar year the employee has worked for the Corporation. This provision does not prohibit other discretionary gifts of stock or allocations to an employee or incoming hires. 


2.11 CLASS B COMMON STOCK 

 
(a)  The corporation shall have a single class of common voting stock, known as “Class B Common Stock.”  Class A Shareholders, employees who are not Class A shareholders, and outside investors may acquire such shares, as provided for in these Bylaws.

 
(b) Class B common stock shall be issued pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors, which shall set forth the voting powers, designations, preferences, other special rights, redemption rights, and qualifications consistent with these bylaws.  

 
(c) Existing shareholders shall not have any preemptive rights to Class B Common Share issued to new shareholders. 

 
(d) Neither the Board nor its designees may discriminate on the basis of race, age, sex, sexual orientation, religion, pregnancy or maternity, or nation origin when considering a person for share ownership.
 

2.12 VOTING RIGHTS OF CLASS B SHAREHOLDERS

 
(a)   Subject to section 2.5 Voting Rights of Class A Shareholders, and unless otherwise stated in these Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of votes from both Class A and Class B, voting separately, is required to pass any amendment to the Corporation’s governing documents or decisions affecting the operation of Corporation.
 
 
(b)  Each purchased Class B share is entitled to one (1) vote. 
 
 
(c) Class B shareholders may not vote on any decisions regarding mergers, acquisitions, consolidations or dissolutions, as provided for in the Certificate of Incorporation and Article II, Part A, Section 2.5 of these Bylaws, except as may be required by law.
 
 
(d) Class B shareholders may, unless otherwise provided for in these Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation: (1) elect a minority of members of the Board of Directors, as provided for in Article II A, Section 2.6 of these Bylaws; (2) vote on amendments or other changes to the Corporation’s governing documents; and (3) submit and vote on shareholder resolutions at annual stockholder meetings.
 
 
(e) Subject to Article II A, Section 2.5 of these bylaws or unless otherwise provided for in these Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, Class B shareholders retain the right to vote on an amendment to the Corporation’s governing documents that has the effect of: (1) increasing or decreasing the aggregate number of authorized shares of Class B Common shares ; (2) increasing or decreasing the par value of Class B Common shares  or (3) altering or changing the powers, preferences, or special rights of the shares of Class B Common Shares ; and (4) the change affects them adversely. 
 
 
(f)  Should a resolution seek to convert the Corporation into a different entity be put forth at a shareholder meeting, Class B shareholders shall not be entitled to vote in favor of or against adoption of the resolution; however, all shareholders shall have notice of the special meeting at which conversion is being considered. 
 

2.13 TERMINATION

Each shareholder may terminate their ownership and redeem their share upon leaving with interest.
 

2.14 TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

 
No Class B share, or interest therein, may be sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred, voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, except for a transfer to the Corporation, unless otherwise approved by the Board.


2.15 CERTIFICATES FOR CLASS B SHARES


(1)  Each Class B shareholder is entitled to a certificate in a form permitted under Delaware law representing his or her Class B share or shares, which shall meet the following requirements:
 
     (i) The certificate for each Class B shareholder’s share or shares shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors. Certificates shall be signed by the officers or agents designated by the Board of Directors when issued; 
     
 
     (ii) Notwithstanding Section 2.15 (a)(i), the oard of directors may issue uncertified shares in conformance with Delaware Code §151(f);
     
 
     (iii)  The stock preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate, or if the shares are uncertified, in the notice required by Delaware Code §151(f);
     
 
     (iv) The certificate or notice shall include a statement of the existence of such restrictions and a statement that the Corporation will provide a copy to the holder upon request and without charge. 
 
 
     (v)  The certificate or notice shall set forth the full text of any restrictions prescribed. 
conspicuously on the face or back of the certificate or notice.


(2) In case of the loss, destruction, or mutilation of a share certificate or notice a duplicate may be issued in its place, upon such terms as the Board of Directors may 
prescribe. 
