..   dissolution_dissolution
###########
DISSOLUTION
###########


DISSOLUTION AT THE BEGINNING OF BUSINESS OR BEFORE SHARES ARE ISSUED
--------------------------------------------------------------------

(A)  If the Corporation has not issued shares or has not commenced business for which the Corporation was organized, a majority of the incorporators may surrender all the corporation’s rights by filling in the office of the secretary of state a certificate of dissolution.

(B) The certificate must be executed and acknowledged by a majority of directs and state the following:

    (i) That no shares of stock have been issued or that the business or activity for which the corporation was organized has not been begun;  
  
    (ii) The date of filing of the corporation’s original certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State; and 
  
    (iii) That no part of the capital of the corporation has been paid, or, if some capital has been paid, that the amount actually paid in for the corporation’s shares, less any part thereof disbursed for necessary expenses, has been returned to those entitled thereto.”
    
    
DISSOLUTION GENERALLY
----------------------

(A)  The majority of the Board of Directors shall adopt a resolution to the effect that the corporation shall be dissolved. The board shall cause notice of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of the shareholders to act upon this resolution.

(B)  At the meeting, the majority vote of the Class A shareholders who are entitled to vote for the proposed dissolution will determine the outcome of the resolution.

(C)  Notwithstanding subsection (b), dissolution of the corporation may also be authorized without action of the directors if all the Class A shareholders entitled to vote on dissolution consent in writing. 

(D)  If dissolution is authorized in accordance with this section, a certificate of dissolution shall be executed, acknowledged and filed, and shall become effective, in accordance with 8 Delaware Code §103. Such certificate of dissolution shall set forth:

    (A) The name of the corporation;  
    
    (B) The date dissolution was authorized;  
    
    (C) That the dissolution has been authorized by the board of directors and shareholders of the Corporation who are entitled to vote on dissolution, or that the dissolution has been authorized by all of the shareholders of the corporation entitled to vote on a dissolution;
    
    (D) The names and addresses of the directors and officers of the corporation; and
    
    (E) The date of filing of the corporation’s original certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State. 
    
    
CORPORATION ASSETS
------------------

Upon dissolution, the remaining collective assets after payment of creditors shall be either:

(A) Divided up amongst all past and present Class A members per labor patronage (the divisible reserve);
    
(B) Paid out to a charity or the holder of the “trust share” (the indivisible reserves); or
    
(C)  Some combination of the two. 
    
    
    
    

  
  
  
