..  general_matters
###############
GENERAL MATTERS
###############


CHECKS; DRAFTS; EVIDENCES OF INDEBTEDNESS
-----------------------------------------

From time to time, the Board shall designate by resolution the person or persons who may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation.  Only the persons so authorized by the Board’s resolution shall sign or endorse those instruments. 


EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS 
------------------------------------------------

Except as otherwise provided in these bylaws, the Board, or any of the Corporation’s officers that the Board has empowered to do so, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation. The authority given may be general or confined to specific instances. 


STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES 
--------------------------------------

(A) The issuance of all classes and series of shares in the corporation shall comply with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

(B) As provided elsewhere in these bylaws, except with respect to Class A Shares, the Board may resolve that some or all other classes of shares, or series of other classes of shares, shall be uncertificated shares. Any resolution designating shares as uncertified shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the corporation. 

(C) Any or all of the signatures on share certificates may be a facsimile.

(D) This subsection applies where an officer, transfer agent, or registrar whose signature or facsimile signature is written on a certificate no longer holds the position of officer, transfer agent, or registrar on the date the certificate is issued.  In such case, the certificate may be issued with the same effect as if the signatory were such officer, transfer agent or registrar on the date of issue.

(E)  The corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the unpaid consideration. In the case of partly paid certified shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid and the amount paid shall be stated on the face or back of the share certificate that represents the partly paid shares.  In the case of uncertified shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid and the amount paid shall be reflected in the books and records of the corporation.  Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid on the shares.  


SPECIAL DESIGNATIONS ON CERTIFICATES
-------------------------------------

(A)  The Corporation may issue one or more series of shares within any class.  Any or all of the classes may be stock with par value or without par value.

(B)  The voting powers, designations, preferences, rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of any class or series of a class as provided for in these bylaws or an amendment to these bylaws shall be:

    (A) stated in the certificate of incorporation or in any amendment to the certificate of incorporation; or 
    
    (B) stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such shares adopted by the board of directors pursuant to authority expressly vested in it by the provisions of its certificate of incorporation. 
    
(C)  The voting powers, designations, preferences, relative participating, optional or other rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of any class or series of shares shall be clearly and expressly set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the corporation issues to represent a class or series of stock; 

(D)  In lieu of the requirements in (b), except as otherwise provided in 8 Delaware Code §202, the Corporation may set forth a statement on the face or back of the certificate that will be issued to represent the class or series of shares a statement. The statement shall state that the corporation will furnish without charge to each shareholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 


LOST CERTIFICATES 
------------------

(A) Except as provided in this Section 9.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the corporation and cancelled at the same time. 

(B) The corporation may issue a new certificate of shares or uncertificated shares in the place of a certificate previously issued by it that is alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.  As a condition of issuing a new certificate, the Corporation may require the owner or the owner’s legal representative to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of the certificate or the issuance of a new certificate or uncertificated shares. 


CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
--------------------------

Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, definitions, and rules of construction in the Delaware General Corporation Code shall govern the construction of these bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term “person” includes both a corporation and a natural person. 


DIVIDENDS
----------

(A) Subject to any restrictions contained in either the Delaware General Corporation Code, or the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, property, or shares of the Corporation’s capital stock. 

(B) The Board may set apart a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose out of any of the funds of the corporation available for dividends and may abolish any such reserve.


FISCAL YEAR
------------

The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board and may be changed by the Board. 


SEAL
-----

The corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board. The corporation may use the corporate seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 


TRANSFER OF STOCK
-----------------

Transfers of shares shall be subject to the restrictions contained in these bylaws.  Transfers of shares shall be made only upon the transfer books of the corporation kept at an office of the corporation or by transfer agents designated to transfer shares of the stock of the corporation. Except where a certificate is issued in accordance with Section 9.5 of these bylaws, an outstanding certificate for the number of shares involved shall be surrendered for cancellation before a new certificate is issued therefore. Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books. 


STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
-------------------------

The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of shareholders of any one or more classes or series of stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes or series owned by such shareholders in any manner not prohibited by the Delaware General Corporation Law. 


REGISTERED SHAREHOLDERS
------------------------

(A) The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner; 

(B) The corporation shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments on partly paid shares the person registered on its books as the owner of shares; and 

(C) The corporation shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in a share or shares on the part of another person other than the person registered as the owner, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 


CHARITABLE FOUNDATION
---------------------

The Board’s approval is required for the establishment by the Corporation of any charitable foundation, the making of contributions by the Corporation to the foundation,  and disbursements by the foundation. By approval of a two-thirds majority, the Board may delegate authority over the foundation to one or more persons who are not directors of the Corporation. 
